Third brother, I'm back, my sister is back
Did my family bully you?
Let brother hug you
Third brother, what are you looking at?
Ah this
It's a video of us playing the piano.
Well, my brother passed the test for him.
When our parents come back from a trip, we will send it to them.
Send me a point for the video.
What do you want me to do?
That's it. That's my video.
What are you doing, people will misunderstand
I have videos of you wearing open-crotch pants as a child
I think it's a video of playing the piano.
Shut up what what
Because of the video of my sister wearing open crotch pants
Why I recorded
I ask you, I ask you, what is the annual hair?
Don't even think about giving it away
Can you please show some respect?
My client's opinion, delete it all
Nan Nan baby
Dad and I heard that you were being bullied.
I'm coming back to support you.
The plane leaves at 5 o'clock tonight.
Honey, are you waiting for Mom and Dad at home?
What baby is back?